The AtGames 80 Games in One mini Sega Genesis is a bit of a piece of crap. The IR wireless control is garbage, and the sound it outputs is horrible.
Just like any Chinese electroinic, everything relating to the playback of the device is on a chip on a board.
Thus, it is going to be impossible to improve the sound quality which is the biggest downer of this system.
The cartridge slot works well and is pretty authentic, but there's no easy way to salvage that without using a heat gun for 2 hours.
But an interesting tidbit; the controller ports are independent from the main board, and they work rather well.

Here's the idea; desolder the pins connecting to the main board, ditch the main board (but salvage the cartridge slot if possible),
and use the controller ports to map to a GAMECUBE controller (suggesting that broken one with the missing triggers?)
The controller pcb can be housed inside the console after the main board is removed, and two gamecube cables can rather nicely be snaked through the console (if not may need a little shaving on the plastic).
It's not quite worth keeping the console itself if it is going to perform badly; best get a Genesis 3. Invest more for best quality.

Do NOT get Chinese electronics.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It has been a while since I have touched the ATGames. Long story short, it's gone, and so are most of the parts that I tried to take apart from it.
It's more of a delicate process to extract the parts without doing much damage to it. It's a shame, but there wasn't much that Icould do with limited free time and amateur equipment and skills.
The controller ports didn't even pop out too easily from the heat gun without the plastic housing melting, so even simple parts like ports weren't a success to dig out.
And that cartridge slot. Goddamn, if the housing didn't melt, I could have used that to find a way to connect to a PC and extract Genesis roms. At least, that would be more of a dream than a reality.
Even the Gamecube controller with the missing triggers is thrown in the garbage. It was sitting on my shelf for too long without much enthusiasm to become anything new. It's honestly worth more to buy a $9 after-market controller to extract the board with working triggers.
The Genesis 3 is a very curious but powerful console. Definitely something I will carry around with me along with official controllers and games. It only begs to be a Nomad so that its small size can be used portably.
